you are tired of always wearing your hair
same always with waves like that with enough
volume or both the flattering and me
he liked it very much but it is true that he arrives
a point that I'm tired of always
carry this kind of waves always carry
this type of hair and then he looked for
options as a different tad worth
then I will show you an option
to be fast it 's very simple easy what
only you're going to have to like them
what you really need is a headband
of this elastic and good because the part
Elastic front guarantor in concrete
but good for the back and it was
in primark at first it has a lot
then they have these also that are
totally the girls and well this in
concrete in liza there are in black
they are also sold in a pack I think
that comes in four or five and costs a
euro fifty and these I think they cost
one euro or 50 each or two euros for
each one is worth
then what I use with this that
It is more colorful and the only thing we have
what to do when we have hair
arranged it's worth what we do is with the
headband we do not put it more or less by
here as if it were a crowned crown
from the back
we leave it more or less here type like this
like hippie hippie roll travel
from here from what the bangs
let's start to twist it towards
I explain you better
so we take the lock and put in
inside
we take the lock and put inside
is that it is difficult explaining explained
but then looking at it is much easier
that is a little thing as well as in return
backwards and the other side we do
exactly the same we take the lock what
we put in
the lock and what we are going to get is
that part of the headband does not look
give it with what we also look for the
inward theme
a lock and we put it in
as you can see, there is something left
because in the bottom part we are
see the waves and also if you catch and
you have a little bit to the best hair more
the or whatever you put a little
more wave with the plates or the
tongs but then you give volume
so that more is left down
and in the front, it stays
A) Yes
pretty picked up the headband in this
case was mine the most seen appointment of
this one I had but you can well look
any other that you have at home or
they bought and left for my taste is
pretty pretty flattering
pretty rage to do and well then I
I think we can use it almost for
any event not of course also
that the diadem although in the part of
up is different but in the part of
down on the elastic that I have taught
before it is the closest thing to your
skin color of skin if your color
of hair is worth it because if you are not going to notice
I'm going to death I'll see her and
to me if you notice me but it is true that
we can solve it I will explain
As you can see here, you can see the black rubber band
but what I have here next I'm going to
twist it in
and as you can see it is in the form of
waterfall and it looks pretty nice
note what the elastic is not already
me particularly well many many
if you liked the video put handy
up and well, see you in the
next video started until later